so we're in the Solomon Islands
to study a submarine volcano
called watching and it's
dangerous
little bit yeah absolutely we
were scared karachi is usually
erupting viewing like Baba when
we went out it was not erupting
free to kill for one of the
girls so we're dropping this
camera down primarily to take a
closer look at the volcano
the water's hot and specific its
hostile enough
the sea interesting biology it's
just a bonus for you
let me go get the data before I
start getting too excited too
carried away
it comes to skype
30 oh yeah I wonder if that's
his little came home thinking
there you know that has the mug
that circle like it like it was
a hey something that shadow of
something or something off the
idea of there being large
animals like sharks hanging out
and living inside the caldera
this volcano conflicts with what
we know about ecology which is
that interrupts but when it's
erupting
there's no way anything could
live in there and so the sea
large animals like this that are
living and potentially you know
they could die at any moment
it brings up lots of questions
do they leave do they have some
sort of sign that it's about to
erupt
you know do they blow up
sky-high a little bits and the
fact that we saw animals in the
plume like that that opens up
all kinds of interesting
questions
that's the best project is to go
out with one question and come
back with many
and that's exactly what happened
here